nrf_802154: Update revision of nrf_802154 (#1153)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_802154/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

Main branch - nRF 802.15.4 Radio Driver
***************************************

Notable changes
===============

* Added :c:func:`nrf_802154_rx_on_when_idle_set` to choose between receive or sleep states during radio idle periods. (KRKNWK-17962)

Added
=====

* Added the :c:func:`nrf_802154_security_key_remove_all` function that allows you to remove all the stored security keys. (KRKNWK-18108)
* Added :c:macro:`NRF_802154_MAX_PENDING_NOTIFICATIONS` that sets the maximum number of simultaneously pending notifications the driver can issue. (KRKNWK-18110)
* Added an assert abstraction layer to allow for the customization of the detection and handling of abnormal conditions. (KRKNWK-18116)
* Added the possibility to insert the transmission channel value to the transmitted frame metadata. (KRKNWK-17965)

Removed
=======

* Removed the :file:`nrf_802154_debug_assert.c` file. (KRKNWK-18116)

Bug fixes
=========

> * Fixed an issue causing the radio in nRF54H20 EngA to hang in an intermediate state while disabling. (KRKNWK-18223)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Fixed an issue causing the radio in the nRF54H20 PDK EngA to hang in an intermediate state while the radio is being disabled. (KRKNWK-18223)
```

As discussed - leaving the info about nRF54H20. Please let me know in case the meaning is affected.
